About Eurotech Xchange
Exotic Auto is not your traditional car-selling site. Exotic Auto offers an easy and quick way to sell your exotic vehicle. It’s simple: submit your vehicle’s information for an instant offer, drop off your vehicle or we will come to you, and get paid! Whether you have a payoff on your vehicle or you own the vehicle entirely, we will handle everything from payoffs to paperwork.

Why Choose Us
Eurotech Xchange offers a quick and easy process with no stress involved. Eurotech Xchange will facilitate your vehicle purchase to you, no matter where you are located, Eurotech Xchange is a targeting being a leader in the digital platform exotic vehicle industry, making this process as simple as possible. No time wasted. No hassle or stress involved.

Eurotech Xchange
Our collections comprises of both used and new vehicles aimed to deliver within expectations. Our team intent is to provider the best options available for purchasing and receiving your order, and digitally carry out the entire process without hassle.

Eurotech Classic Customized
Has teamed with the best in Brand trase for Modification of classics. These manufacturers are hand picked in their brand manufacturing for modification and has track record of saleability and value. These are both for personal enjoyment and Vaulting for collection purposes. Please review the partners in our website for Porsche, and Jaguar and we shall be adding more manufacturing as time goes on
Eurotech Token Collection
The Vault One of the services EUROTECH provides to its client is the Collection Vault, this is provided with a hand picked selection of cars mostly classic or unique vehicles that have maximum potential for appreciation. EUROTECH has team with specialist to Provide a digital owner for the cars that are placed in a Secured storage facility for Appreciation and insured Protection during course of vaulting. This process also allows fractional ownership which then offers ownership to parties that would like to add classic cars into their portfolio strategy without the hassle of the management of process and physical, in addition to ownership along side selected masterpieces.


Buying With Eurotech Xchange
Looking to buy a specific car? Don’t waste money buying new, we can find the exact car you want on the secondary market for thousands less!


Why Choose Us
Eurotech Xchange offers a quick and easy process with no stress involved. Eurotech Xchange will facilitate your vehicle purchase to you, no matter where you are located, Eurotech Xchange is targeting being a leader in the digital platform exotic vehicle industry, making this process as simple as possible. No time wasted. No hassle or stress involved.

Buying A Car{ 
1. MAKE AN OFFER
Buyers make offers on vehicles. The Seller has 24 hours to get track to you with a decline, accept, or counter offer .


2.ECT ESCROW
 We cross all of the T's and dot all of the I ' s! We will not release the funds to the Seller unll the vehicle is inapected and paid off .
3. WE SHIP TO YOU
Our in house logistics team will make sure that your new purchase is delivered to you .
}
Selling A Car
1. LIST YOUR VEHICLE
Create your listing in less than 5 minutes. Once your listing is created an ECT Concierge will reach out.
2. AGREE ON PRICE
Your vehicle will be professionally photographed. Next your vehidis goes LIVE on Exotic Car Trader and our partner silas .
3. YOU GET PAID
Price your vehicle is sold we cut you a check or wire transfer you the Proceed

Eurotech Xchange specializes in buying and selling high quality late model and classic exotic cars. All cars we sell are inspected and serviced by their respective franchise dealer prior to being offered for sale! When you buy a car from us, its CarFax will show an authorized franchise dealer’s service report done within the past 6 months.

For additional peace of mind, our certified dealer service includes recalls, oil change, and other required maintenance. Even though you’re buying a pre-owned car, our goal is for you to be able to drive and enjoy your new car as if it was brand new.


Selling Your Car With Eurotech Xchange

At Eurotech Xchange, we understand that parting with your vehicle can be a significant decision. With over 20 years of experience in the luxury and sports car market, our team ensures a seamless and rewarding process whether you're looking to sell or consign your vehicle.

Our seasoned professionals have a deep understanding of market trends, guaranteeing a transparent and fair valuation process that considers factors like your vehicle's condition, mileage, brand reputation, and current market demand. We handle all necessary paperwork, inspections, and marketing efforts, offering a hassle-free experience. With an extensive network of enthusiasts and collectors, your vehicle receives the attention it deserves for a successful sale or consignment. Our customized solutions, maximum exposure through strong online presence, professional photography, and commitment to fair and competitive pricing make us the trusted partner to sell or consign your luxury or sports car.

Contact Us Today To Benefit From Our 50 Years Of Experience In Delivering Exceptional Results.



Location 
Eurotech Exchange Est- FZCO Dubai Silicon Oasis DDP Bldg 1 Dubai, UAE

Eurotech Design

E5655 kayenta court Las Vegas NV 89118

Email -> info@eurotechxchange.com

link of twitter -> https://twitter.com/eurotechxchange?s=21&t=eT1pNeIEDWRf6AMAUWQZqQ
link of Instagram -> https://www.instagram.com/eurotechxchange/


 
